Add mixin `oBrandCustomize`. (#34)
Financial-Times/o-brand: README.md

### oBrandDefine

> A component defines configuration for each of its supported brands. To do that use the mixin `oBrandDefine`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components are individually responsible for defining the configuration for each brand they support. In order to add configuration for a new brand, use the mixin `oBrandDefine`.
```

}
```

### oBrandCustomize

> `oBrandCustomize` enables projects to modify brand variables which were configured within a component using `oBrandDefine`. But each component must provide an adapter (wrap the brand mixin in their own mixin), as `o-brand` must not be used directly outside Origami components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`oBrandCustomize` allows existing brand variables to to be modified. If a brand variable was defined with `oBrandDefine`, it can be changed with `oBrandCustomize`. This customisation is component-specific, so every component must wrap `oBrandCustomize` within a mixin of its own, as `o-brand` must not be used directly outside Origami components.
```
